click on a bullet point and generate a new article
generate a tree based on the article tags and titles

-------
Remember

One Sentence.
->
Interpret users intent
-> respond with 3 different interpretations of the users entry
User selects an option
Blog is generated based on user selection.

-------
Create

1) User can view a blog a click bullet points to generate new articles
2) User can enter a new statement
->
Interpret users intent
-> respond with 3 different interpretations of the users entry
User selects an option
Blog is generated based on user selection.
3) User can ask the AI to generate 3 new concepts/ideas based on the article
-> User can choose which one the generate a new article

User can enter notes about the blog

-------
Inspire

User can view a tree of the blogs.
User can select tags to filter blogs
User can add multiple blogs, and generate a new blog based on them

This will have a left pane and a main window

The left pane will have the tree

you can search the tags in a search menu and it will change the main view to the returned blogs

----------------

Project Overview: AI Journal Webapp
Menu System and Navigation:
A fixed, globally accessible menu provides seamless navigation across the app, featuring links to all main pages: Home (Create Page), Remember, Inspire, Explore, Reflect, and any other utility pages like Settings or Help.
The menu integrates user-centric features like quick access to recent documents, a search bar for content within the app, and user profile settings.
Pages and Functionalities:
Home (Create Page)

Functionality: Central hub for content creation, featuring a minimalist design with a versatile input box for text, links, or questions. The system dynamically responds based on the type of input.
Data Interactions: Inputs are processed to generate content, parse links, or provide answers. User-generated content is saved and can be linked or referenced in other areas of the app.
Prototype Code: Function to process user input and determine action.
python
Copy code
def process_input(user_input):
    # Pseudocode to categorize input type
    if is_link(user_input):
        return parse_link(user_input)
    elif is_question(user_input):
        return generate_answer(user_input)
    else:
        return generate_content(user_input)
Remember Page

Functionality: Allows users to input a thought and receive multiple interpretations or expansions. Users select one to develop into a full article.
Data Interactions: Inputs and selections are stored for user history and can influence future content recommendations or interpretations.
Prototype Code: Function to interpret user input.
python
Copy code
def interpret_thought(user_thought):
    # Generate interpretations (simplified)
    interpretations = generate_interpretations(user_thought)
    return interpretations
Inspire Page

Functionality: Visual and interactive exploration of blog connections and content synthesis based on selected blogs or tags.
Data Interactions: Uses tag and content metadata to organize and display connections. User selections for synthesis are processed to create new, combined content.
Prototype Code: Function to synthesize content from selections.
python
Copy code
def synthesize_content(selected_blogs):
    # Combine content from selected blogs
    combined_content = combine(selected_blogs)
    return combined_content
Explore Page

Functionality: Discovery of AI-curated content and random content suggestions. Includes personalized recommendations based on user activity.
Data Interactions: Tracks user interactions to refine recommendations. External data (e.g., trending topics) may be incorporated for curation.
Prototype Code: Function for personalized recommendations.
python
Copy code
def get_recommendations(user_profile):
    # Fetch recommendations based on user profile
    recommendations = fetch_curated_content(user_profile)
    return recommendations
Reflect Page

Functionality: Private space for journaling and personal reflection with prompts based on user activity or significant dates. Offers growth tracking and insights.
Data Interactions: Interacts with user-generated content and activity logs to provide personalized prompts and track personal growth metrics.
Prototype Code: Function to generate reflection prompts.
python
Copy code
def generate_reflection_prompt(user_activity):
    # Generate prompts based on user activity
    prompt = create_prompt(user_activity)
    return prompt
Interconnections and Data Flow:
User Profile and Activity Tracking: Central to personalizing experiences across Explore, Reflect, and personalized content recommendations. User data, including preferences, content interactions, and history, is stored securely and used to tailor app interactions.
Content Creation and Sharing: Content generated or curated by the user in the Create and Remember pages can be shared, tagged, and integrated into the Inspire and Explore pages for broader community engagement.
External Data Integration: For the Explore page and content parsing features (e.g., summarizing shared links), external APIs or scraping techniques may be employed, adhering to privacy and copyright laws.
Implementation Considerations:
Security and Privacy: Ensure user data is handled securely, with clear privacy policies and compliance with regulations (e.g., GDPR).
Scalability: Design backend systems to handle increasing amounts of user data and content efficiently.
User Experience: Focus on intuitive design and seamless navigation across pages, ensuring responsiveness and accessibility.